README.md, before:

# Chess Explorer

This is a chess app built with vanilla JavaScript. It's an exercise to learn
web development fundamentals and chess strategy, using HTML, CSS, & JS.

![Chess board](screenshots/board.png)

## Exercise Constraints
- The game runs in the browser
- No libraries, frameworks, templates, or preprocessors
- Limited dev tools:
  - [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
  - [ESLint](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint)
  - [nodemon](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon)
  - [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/)

## Goals
- [x] Play locally
  - [x] Support basic movements of each piece
  - [x] Recognize check and mate
  - [x] Recognize a draw
  - [x] Don't allow moves that put or leave the king in check
  - [x] Allow castling
  - [x] Allow en passant
  - [x] Promote pawns to queen
  - [ ] Promote pawns to rook, bishop, or knight
- [x] Document the game score in algebraic notation
- [x] Play against an artificial opponent
- [ ] Play against another person remotely

## Development
Install the dependencies by running:
```sh
npm install
```
Start the node server with:
```sh
npm run dev
```
Identify syntax and style issues with:
```sh
npm run lint
```
Run automated tests with:
```sh
npm run test
```

[Pawn](https://icons8.com/icon/1009/pawn) icon by [Icons8](https://icons8.com)

Commit message:

Describe how to test the bot in the terminal.

README.md, after:

# Chess Explorer

This is a chess app built with vanilla JavaScript. It's an exercise to learn
web development fundamentals and chess strategy, using HTML, CSS, & JS.

![Chess board](screenshots/board.png)

## Exercise Constraints
- The game runs in the browser
- No libraries, frameworks, templates, or preprocessors
- Limited dev tools:
  - [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
  - [ESLint](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint)
  - [nodemon](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon)
  - [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/)

## Goals
- [x] Play locally
  - [x] Support basic movements of each piece
  - [x] Recognize check and mate
  - [x] Recognize a draw
  - [x] Don't allow moves that put or leave the king in check
  - [x] Allow castling
  - [x] Allow en passant
  - [x] Promote pawns to queen
  - [ ] Promote pawns to rook, bishop, or knight
- [x] Document the game score in algebraic notation
- [x] Play against an artificial opponent
- [ ] Play against another person remotely

## Development
Install the dependencies by running:
```sh
npm install
```
Start the node server with:
```sh
npm run dev
```
Identify syntax and style issues with:
```sh
npm run lint
```
Run automated tests with:
```sh
npm run test
```
Test the bot against itself with:
```sh
node client/play.js
```

[Pawn](https://icons8.com/icon/1009/pawn) icon by [Icons8](https://icons8.com)
